I'll kill you.
Zhang Liang
After he comes in, use his equity to make up for your brother's loss.
Old man. Old man.
I see you as a brother.
I'm blind.
Find a white-eyed wolf like you
You made my brother suffer like that.
My brother is very nice to you.
Is your conscience okay?
You.
Don't worry.
He'll never think about it for the rest of his life.
Ching Ching, you will be free in the future, you will not need to be intimidated by him anymore.
Thank you.
Just wait until the security guys arrive.
Oh.
Besides, she's beautiful.
It's your place, of course.
Thank you.
Please bring the surveillance video.
Invite us to come back together to accept the investigation.